I won.
Are you in such a hurry?
I won. What are you looking for?
Forgot the contract
Chairperson?
I found it, take a look.
It's a loss for my grandson to let you live in
You are a secretary
Even a contract document will be left at home
What use are you?
Oops oops
It should be the old problem of hypoglycemia housekeeper
Go and pour a glass of brown sugar water
grandma
What's your trouble?
How did you know I had low blood sugar?
Ah, I told the late Qing Dynasty
In fact, grandma
In fact, the late Qing Dynasty is not to blame for the contract today.
I accidentally left it at home.
I noticed that there is a problem between you
Especially you.
Look at what are you thinking about now?
What stupid things have you done, grandma?
I'm sorry I embarrassed the Fan family
Oh grandma
Do you know Wan Qing?
It's your crush
Grandma is also the one who came
I understand very well.
Very clear
Hahahaha